Palestinians in the Gaza Strip are
desperate to hear anything about an
immediate ceasefire especially before
Ramadan today we're in downtown and
we're going to talk to people about what
they think about this ceasefire
agreement I hope and I wish for a
ceasefire we've heard things during
previous talks and negotiations that one
might come but we've been disappointed
every time the people will always be the
victims the people are really suffering
the people have no more energy
Ramadan is approaching we ask God to
make our life easier and better enough
is
enough every time they talk about a
ceasefire it never happened but this
time I have a feeling there will be a
ceasefire my son my son-in-law and my
brother-in-law are prisoners in Israeli
jails and I hope they will be
released we ask God to have this ceas
far and to go back to our homes to our
kids to our neighborhoods we left our
lives in Gaza City and came here we pray
for a truth so we can go back to our
normal lives prices here are scary we
can't afford to buy food for our kids I
haven't seen my daughter for 100 days
they are eating sand there we pray for a
ceasefire so we come back to our homes
some Palestinians are optimistic and
others are pessimistic all they want and
all they wish for is an immediate
ceasefire especially before Ramadan this
is
Al make sure to subscribe to to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer